first I am not vegan to be vegan or to
be part of a community within five
seconds a natural vegan here mentions
the other topic I may be infamous for
for speaking about in an overly blunt
down-to-earth way community so in the
past I've had several videos you're
talking about what does it mean to say
vegans our community have we ever been a
community will we ever get our act
together to be a community unnatural
vegan here makes the interesting
statement that she's not in it for
community that's not her objective it's
not her concern well I differ from her
there and this is not a criticism of her
it is a it is a personal difference that
I think is worth reflecting on I am more
ambitious than that I am more rapacious
than that yeah I want a real community
look at Mothers Against Drunk Driving
Mothers Against Drunk Driving have an
office at least one office in every US
state there's a 50 states united states
they have more than 50 offices that are
staffed and open all the time they've
got that we don't you tell me in 2016
what's a more important message mothers
against drunk driving or veganism it's
veganism even if in the past even if in
the 1980s you know maybe there was an
argument Mothers Against Drunk Driving
were a really important lobby today
veganism is a message that absolutely
needs to have 50 offices in the united
states you know I I really lived through
the period of time when when gay groups
went from being marginal to being
ascendant to be very influential when i
was living in Toronto there were a
number of different gay offices staffed
offices for gay rights you know I
remember there was one that was just
specialized in lesbians and you know
different multiple gay offices with
multiple political perspectives and if
there was some controversy the
newspapers would go and interview those
foundations they were nonprofit
political organizations there you want
to say so you know let's say the police
commissioner made a homophobic
mark you know the the newspapers would
go an interview oh let's go to that gay
foundation and gay gay legal rights
advocacy group and get their opinion on
this something like that that's a real
community that's that's a facet of
that's a reflection of in Toronto
definitely at that time there was a real
gay community they had a neighborhood
they had buildings they had offices they
had lawyers they had nightclubs they had
festivals I mean the gay community in
Toronto not every city has that there
were multiple well-organized vocal gay
communities and the newspapers could go
to them okay it would be different if we
were at the level of Mothers Against
Drunk Driving it would be different with
your level of Jews in British Columbia I
mean Jewish people are a tiny minority
in this part of Canada they have bricks
and mortar institutions of real
organizations they have they have
fellowships and you know with
scholarships and all kinds of benefits
are people from cradle to grave and
ultimately you can go there and attend a
picnic and talk to other human beings
face to face and whatever from
fundraising to charity work everything
can make a big difference I'm I want it
all I want a real community and I see no
reason to pretend that I don't want that
or that I wouldn't value that I see no
reason to pretend that veganism is
completely satisfactory to me if it's
just a diet or just something I do in
private and that can't have any
political ramifications by blood I'm
Jewish by belief I'm a nihilistic
atheist nevertheless for my family and
for my own life it would benefit me more
to pretend to be a religious Jew for me
to start participating you know in the
temple because Judaism here in Canada
can provide me with a real community
everything from the picnics to the
retirement homes picnics to private
schools to retirement homes okay from
the cradle to the grave the life cycle
benefits of having a community are
provided by Judaism are provided by
Mormonism are provided by all kinds of
crazy ideologies that
rest on your believing in a god that
doesn't exist resting on your saying
prayers that will never be heard by
anyone unless you say your prayers on
youtube then your YouTube followers can
hear that's our I look at groups like
the Mormons and I think I want it all I
want what you people have for the
Mormons it is nothing to organize a
picnic that 200 people are going to show
up at ok for me even that's not enough
for the Mormons it's nothing to do a
fundraiser to help some orphans to set
up some charity to go get a project line
each interval i want that i want vegans
to have that I'm worried about the whole
life cycle from cradle to grave I have a
three-year-old daughter I don't see that
much of herb she lives in Europe I'm
living in China nevertheless where is my
daughter going to go to school where's
my daughter going to go to gate daycare
where am I going to go to a retirement
home or where would my grandparents go
to a retirement home from the cradle to
the grave now look I mean the issues
with gay rights activism those also
change over time I think in the recent
past that were hard battles for the gay
community to fight and now the gay
community can really celebrate that so
many of those battles have been won you
know in Canada sure I mean Saudi Arabia
is another story there are tons of
countries where the fights for basic gay
rights are still you know at an early
stage don't get me wrong but here in
canada we were one of the first
countries to have gay marriage there's a
whole you know legal battle surrounding
that equal rights for gays and so on
those battles fundamentally have already
been won okay the battles for veganism
are just beginning where's that office
where's that neighborhood where's that
nightclub where's the retirement home
radicular center I want it all I am
fundamentally much more ambitious than a
natural vegan I'm not satisfied with
what you guys call committee I'm not
satisfied with a bunch of self-indulgent
middle-aged people sitting around on
facebook giving each other the thumbs up
or
nuts as with a bunch of teenagers
on Instagram photographing their asses
in a bikini and saying they're changing
the world none of that does it for me
okay I want more can I have it today no
can I have it next year no am I going to
see it before I die maybe Mothers
Against Drunk Driving in just a few
years they took off what percentage of
people in America really give a damn
about mothers against row it's a
minority really it's a small minority of
people who support a foundation like
that okay tremendously successful what
percentage of people support like really
donate money to to Jewish temples in
Canada I don't know I mean small small
minority in the past I talked about
sikhism within Canada these are small
minority religious movements and again I
mean with with homosexuals homosexuality
isn't a diet they don't need to have
separate restaurants but they do like in
Toronto it's there's a district there or
there is such a thing as a gay
restaurant even though there's no such
thing as gay food offense we have a
reason to organize bricks and mortar to
have a restaurant in a physical place
yeah I want it all from cradle to the
grave from you know the bricks and
mortar temple to the lawyers to the
political organization to having that
foundation that's respected enough that
when there's a controversy in government
the newspaper is know who to call maybe
there are several foundations than the
call where there's a voice advocating
for veganism in Parliament in the
newspapers on the street yeah I want it
and I'm willing to recognize I don't
have it that's real community and we're
going to have to work real hard to get